Now you might be thinking,
earlier we used early stopping.
At that point, it would just in training at a certain point.
But what if you actually wanted it to save down a certain model
during training or even each model along the way, you can do that too.
So let's go ahead and look at what happens if
we use a new callback with tf.keras called the model checkpoint.
In this case, we can feed in what we want the name to be.
Again, how we monitor it,
which you can decide on how you want to monitor it.
It doesn't always have to be validation lost.
You can make sure that you save best only with true.
Or if you save to false,
it will save every single model along the way.
Remember that it could be overwriting if you have the same name every time.
So this callback by default and saves
that model as it carries HDF5 file after every epoch.
As I mentioned, you can set save best only to true to make it,
so that it will replace the previous
best if your current epoch has improved the validation loss.
This will guarantee that you'll end up with the version of
the model to achieve the lowest validation loss during training.
So below, I've now implemented in
both early stopping and ModelCheckpoint to our model so that when it trains,
it will both potentially stop early.
So that if you set it for a 100 epochs and it stops improving as of epoch 20,
it'll still stop after 10 epochs.
It will also be saving down the best model as far
as validation loss goes every step of the way.
You can go ahead and run this in your own notebook.
You can also set the verbosity levels differently,
so that it will be able to tell you whether or not it is saving down the model.
Here I haven't set that,
just to cut down on the amount of information that's in the notebook,
but otherwise, you can feel free to do that yourself as well.